Hear what is up guys and welcome Markson I can see that I am adding a new custom field and that is like
the condition so I'm going to go ahead and this is you can see that I've selected radio buttons so here
would be the radio buttons that would be coming so if you just go to condition right here you can see
this is a radio button.
And we have the fields right here.
So let's just go ahead and let's go to forms right now and let's just add it to category.
So I'm just going to come here and I'm I'm just going to create a new form and this will be like one
name.
So it is going to be like mobile devices mobile devices.
OK.
And I'm going to slight gaming devices I guess liked mobile phones.
OK let's just look at mobile phones OK.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to create new forms so the form is going to be created and you can
see that it is right here and it's going to come here I'm going to hit it new layout
and here I need to grab the commission so let's just say this.
And I said that so here it is.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to drag it so much Raggatt to this right here.
OK.
And I'm going to come here and I'm going to save so he can see this is changing right now.
You're going to come here and I am going to just make the save changes so let's just come let's just
go to the Web site right now.
Basically it lets him here to create listing and refresh it.
So I'm here and I'm going to go to mobile phone.
So this is right here.
I'm just going to hit Mobile phones go and you can see this is great.
OK so I did a mistake.
I just get the spacing right here.
What I have to do I have to give a comma so to separate them so I'm just going to come here I'm going
to add a Kamari here.
OK.
I'm going to give spacing three here.
I'm just going add a comma.
OK.
Speccing comma spacing Colma spacing OK.
So you have to give comma instead of the like.
Adding it purple line.
OK.
Now let's come here and let's reverse this.
So now this is like this so it stays condition like 1 2 5 2 5 3 5 4 5 so you have to select the condition.
So if a guy selects like five by 5 then this will be the condition and you can just like
iPhone 5 s or like with Dan..
And here is going to be the price so the price is going to be like six ninety nine and the streak can
be anything.
This right here.
OK.
I have to enter the zip code so zip code will be less and let's add the description.
So that description is going to be like hello world.
OK.
And I'm going to go down and I also have to add an image so for image.
OK I have to just enter at least 15 characters so that right here I'm just going to add an image right
now and the image is going to be I almost had this one.
Now let's go back let's just come here and let's this one.
OK.
So this is a Mac you basically let's add this like EMAC that.
OK I want to come here and I'm going to hit continue right now so you can see this.
I'm is going to be published and the veins are going to appear should be like that.
So you can see this is just showing me the rules and guidelines and everything.
And you're going to come here and I'm going to go and it is just processing and this is late here so
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to view your ad listing so there's like there so there is a condition.
Now this is this and this read city state country Zippos So Alice said it every day so everything is
coming your guys and it is working so great and amazing So basically you have to add the map API key
just to for it to work.
So you have to have that.
OK so I see that everything is working.
We have the tags right now and the tags we can just like tags that image tags we have right now and
the report's going to report everything ok.
I'm like the she's the approved one.
So any proof you can show anything.
And it'll be like
if you go down here it can be like a reply.
So if I just like hello world and I just come here and I just leave it by right here I'm going to come
here and I mean I had this
let's just go to the ads and reports
so I didn't know why it is not showing.
Let's just come here and let's just sit filter OK.
This is right here.
You can see this is how the reporters is working.
So this is I would very specifically.
And also like if an ad is not approved or something like that it might appear here.
OK.
So then we have the importer's so important of words like you can import so many ads at once by the
sea as we so let's just go ahead and let's just download the examples we filed it adds attachment so
let's suppose that this is the CSP file.
OK.
This is the CSP file.
And then I have to just import it.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to drag it and I'm going to drop it right here.
And this is right here I'm just going to go and it I'm going to upload file and import.
So it's just going to import every of the ad that we have right now.
So sorry.
Every body sees you file containing a data of all important you say the file must be correct form to
work.
This should go to all ads
and so you can see this is right here.
This is the ad that is already created and we have a software here.
So if we just go ahead and we just open this up in a new tab and see Amasias class-C press team and
everything.
And this is like this is how it is coming so you can just import ads like that so you can see every
ad as being important and everything if I just come here you can see that we have three listing here
we have the added categories and then we have the new listing popular random and even a guy can just
like search here.
So if a guy just want to search for like iPhone he's just going to go out and he's going to search this
you can see it's a search iPhone and return it.
One results.
This is like a phone success or original.
OK.
This is like that.
So you can just pretty well go ahead.
You can just do it and you can see that we just install it.
We just work with it.
And this is done.
So I am just showing you that how everything works and how you can do this and everything so you can
see that we are totally done with this.
You can just add so many ads for that to work.
OK.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And in the next video we'll be working on that more stuff by.